Add Docker rule to Makefile, update build documentation (#13)
firecracker-microvm/firectl: README.md

Building
---
There are a few methods for building the binary.
_We use [go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules), so you need to build with Go 1.11 or newer._

> #### Make

Reviewer: I think we can remove the section heading, since I don't think we need a separate Make and Docker section.

Reviewer: Can you remove the "#### Make" section heading?

> `make` is a Makefile rule which executes `go build`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Makefile rule executes `go build` and relies on the Go toolchain installed on your computer.
```

`make docker` creates a temporary Docker container which builds and copies the binary to your current directory.

> #### Docker

Reviewer: I think we can omit this section.  If someone wants to see how we use Docker, they can look at the definition of the `docker` target in the Makefile.

Reviewer: Can you remove the entire "#### Docker" section?
